hello guys welcome to two out news is
your guy Tony d2l checking in and I'm
here to bring you some of the greatest
news of the week coming from shoe
releases to current events it's whatever
it happens whatever is said we're gonna
make sure that you get some hair while
you're in the bed well anyway we have
breaking news going on right now
there is releases of the join for ebolas
the pictures that surfaced the next
they're looking pretty exclusive maybe
you can get yourself a pair from the CDC
so make sure you check out the release
date calendar for those Jordan for
ebolas
cuz they're coming to a store near you
okay further for this week of this
week's nigga releases we have that super
flag threes which no I believe gives a
fuck about but they're retailing at 185
and we have the slam-dunk sixes they're
going for $250 your car another so if
maybe if you want to spin that car nope
this week and put us inside and get
repo'd and get yourself a pair though
Jordan sixes then this week is your week
we all know that glass sweep in Jordan
13 on Holograms the supreme nike mids
those Supremes drop those three
different color ways that nobody could
get and then we had a pair of the penny
one all-star drop as well those were I
think you should not release this doubt
this probably week I really think of a
damn about no guys slept my ass off cuz
I'm really going to get with these we
got the pair of these
Jordan 13 on wolf trial who these call
Charles gray tiles the gray toes yes we
got these sensitive offers they're very
magnificent very exclusive my opinion
that the suede is so fucking pop and lip
glosses other news we have a leaked
photos of you adidas 10-year II
supposedly these were leaked photos
there's no exclusive other lease take
for it but we'll make sure to keep you
guys updated on this weekly news report
if we have any further news on that
other news we have another lead photo of
the Jordan other 2015 Jordan one laser
these are supposed to be dropping like I
said next year for that believe the 15th
20th year anniversary it's been a long
time since I've seen a pair of those
lasers hoppin around
I marry those in high school I couldn't
even afford them but it was really nice
shoot and then nothing new if you have a
pair of a supposedly Jordan low futures
which nobody fly gives a damn about
sorry guys an item in I was even looking
at the camera I've been looking over
here cuz it's a bad bitch right there
but uh yeah so there's a red a picture
up from Jordan future loads and reg it's
pretty on mesh so you know those
probably won't sell out but maybe that
bees will be hopping on it a few will be
almost Jeezy's and then last but not
least we have some cool drake inspired
shoes I was seeing on the net of this
trick inspired shoes the Jordan Warren's
I saw the Jordan fours the Jordan eights
with the drink versus little Wayne
Jordan 9 it's a lot of Jordan Elevens as
well a lot of different shoes which was
on pretty cool in my opinion leave here
comes a little on that if you think
anything specifically or that I don't
believe those are really actually
releasing but you know trinkets is
handling a lot exclusive shit in my
opinion but yeah furthermore that was
basically a quick wrap up on this week's
news hopefully you guys enjoyed that I
hope you guys stay tuned for next week
as well you might have a special guest
coming on we might have some holes
popping their ass for you guys I know
you guys like that type of stuff and
yeah make sure you eat that like button
you comment and subscribe and I see you
guys on the next week's told to wild
news Charles have you give me a cup of
tea god damn it hurry up peace guys